dvclive: Add plots (#3142)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/dvclive/ml-frameworks/sklearn.md

# Scikit-learn

DVCLive allows you to easily add experiment tracking capabilities to your
Scikit-learn projects.

## About Scikit-learn

[Scikit-learn](https://scikit-learn.org/) is an open source machine learning
library that supports supervised and unsupervised learning. It also provides
various tools for model fitting, data preprocessing, model selection, model

> evaluation, and many other utilities.

Reviewer: Why do we want these sections that document 3rd party tools?

## Usage

> To start using DVCLive you just need to add few modifications to your training

Reviewer: Avoid minimizing importance/complexity -- can be perceived as condescending.
```suggestion
To start using DVCLive, add a few modifications to your training
```

code in **any** Scikit-learn project.

> To ilustrate with some code, given the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To illustrate with some code, let's consider the following example:
```

```python
from sklearn.datasets import make_classification
from sklearn.ensemble import RandomForestClassifier
from sklearn.model_selection import train_test_split

X, y = make_classification(random_state=0)
X_train, X_test, y_train, y_test = train_test_split(X, y, random_state=0)
clf = RandomForestClassifier(random_state=0)
clf.fit(X_train, y_train)

y_pred = clf.predict(X_test)
y_score = clf.predict_proba(X_test)[:, 1]
```

DVCLive provides a set of
[Scikit-learn utilities](/doc/dvclive/api-reference/sklearn) that allow you to

> generate `dvc plots` from the labels and predictions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
generate `dvc plots` from your labels and predictions.
```

```python

> ...
> 

Reviewer: Prob not needed since we later ask the user to stitch the snippets together
```suggestion
```

from dvclive.sklearn import (
    log_confusion_matrix,
    log_precision_recall,
    log_roc,
)

roc = log_roc(y_test, y_score, "roc.json")
prc = log_precision_recall(y_test, y_score, "prc.json")
cm = log_confusion_matrix(y_test, y_pred, "cm.json")

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```

> Joining the above snippets into a single script named `train.py`, we can
> integrate with DVC without further modifications to the script.
> 
> We just need to define a `dvc.yaml` stage as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can integrate with DVC by joining the above snippets into a single script
(e.g. named `train.py`). We also need to write a `dvc.yaml` file as follows:
```

# Scikit-learn

DVCLive allows you to add experiment tracking capabilities to your

> [Scikit-learn](https://scikit-learn.org/) projects.
> 
> ## Usage
> 
> To start using DVCLive, add a few modifications to your training code in **any**
> [Scikit-learn](https://scikit-learn.org/) project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[scikit-learn](https://scikit-learn.org/) projects.

## Usage

To start using DVCLive, add a few modifications to your training code in **any**
[scikit-learn](https://scikit-learn.org/) project.
```
